Downloaded from
YTS.MX
- [Abagail] Listen to
my voice. my words.
Listen to my voice. my words.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
Listen to my voice. my words.
[Abagail speaking
in foreign language]
[Abagail shouting
[bats screeching]
[wings flapping]
[Abagail laughing]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music continues]
[singers singing in
foreign language]
[singers continue singing
in foreign language]
[gentle music]
[gentle music continues]
[lighter clicks]
[eerie music]
[eerie music continues]
[dramatic music]
- [Demon] Come to me.
I must have you.
[thunder crackles]
You will be mine.
[footsteps rustling]
[tense music]
[dramatic music]
[demon growls]
[Mara screams]
[Mara panting]
[gentle music]
[wind blowing]
[birds chirping]
[coffee pouring]
[coffee pot thuds]
[lid creaks]
- Mara?
Mara.
[fingers snapping]
[Mara sighs]
- Sorry about that.
- I threw in some
extra in there for you.
You look like you could use it.
- Thanks. Raz. You
know me so well.
- That I do. which is why I know
you haven't been yourself today.
- It's that obvious?
- It's that obvious.
[Mara sighs]
Listen. I'm due for a break.
You care to join me?
Could bend my ear a few?
- How could I resist
such an invitation?
- I'm gonna take 15.
After you.
So what's on your mind?
Confess your sins.
[Mara chuckles]
- No sins to confess to.
- [Raziel] That's boring.
- Mm.
I just feel drained lately.
- [Raziel] Are you not sleeping?
- No. that's the problem. I am.
- So nobody's keeping you busy?
- And why would you wanna
know about that. hmm?
Jealous?
- No.
No. we've known each
other for a while now
and I've never
seen you with a guy
or even heard you bring
one into the cafe.
- Mm. This has nothing
to do with a guy.
Besides. I don't have
time for romance.
- Who said anything
about romance?
Maybe you just need a little...
[Mara gasps]
- Would you stop already?
[Raziel chuckles]
- Okay. then what is it?
- It's nothing.
It's silly.
- Well. now you have to tell me.
- All right.
I keep having this dream.
over and over. each night.
- So that's it? Just
dreaming of somebody special?
- Yes. No.
Not exactly.
Somebody or something.
I always wake up when he. or
it. is about to reveal itself.
It's terrifying.
- Sounds something
like sleep paralysis.
- These just feel like
something more than bad dreams.
- How open-minded are you?
- Try me.
- I don't know much about dreams
or even how to begin
interpreting them.
but I do know somebody who does.
Maybe she can help.
Think it might be good
for you two to talk.
- I don't know.
- You're probably thinking
of some crystal-rubbing
new age whackjob.
but I can assure you. while
she's admittedly eccentric.
she's an academic and
she's very professional.
I mean. you haven't
been yourself lately.
And I want the sassy Mara back.
not the spaced out zombie.
- I don't think so.
- Boom. it's settled. I'll
bring you to your house tonight.
- Wait a minute-
- It's gonna be okay.
Trust your old pal
Raz. I've got you.
This is gonna help.
- I guess we're doing it. then.
- Yeah.
- Mm.
- 8:00 PM sharp.
And with that settled. should
probably get back to work.
- You know. all this time
we've known each other.
you've never made a pass at me.
I mean. not that I wanna
ruin our friendship.
which it certainly
would. [chuckles]
yet here you are
coming to my rescue.
- I only live to serve.
But you're not for me.
I'll see you tonight.
[eerie music]
[birds chirping]
[traffic humming]
[keys jingling]
[ominous music]
- He sees you.
- I'm sorry?
- Look. I can't help you. sir.
- He commands to
bring her to me.
He commands to bring her to me!
- Look. stay away or
I'll call the cops!
- Commands to bring her to me!
Bring her to me!
[doors rattling]
[man grunting]
Bring her to me!
[doors rattling]
[door clicks]
[door thuds]
[cellphone ringing]
- Hey.
- Hey. buzz us up.
We're out front.
- Already? I must have
just missed you coming in.
Did you see a homeless
guy out there?
- [Raziel] No. No one
out here. just us.
- Hmm. Weird.
I'll tell you about
it in a second.
Buzzing you in now.
[gentle music]
[door clacks]
[man growls]
[Mara screams]
- Bring her to me!
Bring her to me!
[Mara screams]
[Mara sighing]
[cellphone ringing]
- Raz?
- [Raziel] The one and
only. We've arrived.
- Okay. Give me a
second. I'll buzz you up.
[Mara sighs]
[Mara sighing]
And here we go.
[door clacks]
- Hey.
Is this a bad time?
I did say eight.
- No. you're good.
Ignore me and come on in.
- Well. then. Mara.
let me introduce you
to Miss Abagail Firth.
- Is there a problem?
- [Mara] No. no. no problem-
- Trepidation perhaps?
- I dozed off. You
two woke me is all.
- Oh. starting without us.
- [Mara] No. I
didn't. I was just-
- I'm just giving you
a hard time. my dear.
[Mara laughs]
It's Mara. is it?
- That's me.
Come on in. Miss Firth.
- Oh. please. do
call me Abagail.
- Deal. Well. come on in.
Make yourself at home. Abagail.
- Thank you.
[door thuds]
Raziel. why don't you
make us all some tea?
- Tea? I was hoping for a beer.
- [Mara] Oh. I
bought some earlier.
- Tea will do.
And be a doll. Raziel.
make it how I like it?
[gentle music]
- Here. [chuckles]
[lighter clicks]
You weren't kidding about
her being a little eccentric.
This isn't gonna
cost me much. is it?
- Relax. She's harmless. and no.
[lighter clatters]
[Abagail speaking
in foreign language]
- What is she doing?
- I'm purifying the room.
- Oh.
- I mean. smells nice. though.
- Purify from what?
- Oh. all kinds of nasty things.
Emotions. energies. memories.
[Abagail blows]
There you go.
So. my dear Mara. come
tell me about your dreams.
[gentle music]
Thank you.
- Thanks.
- For sure.
- Mm. it's good.
So. Raziel has told me a
little about your troubles.
but I want to hear it from you.
Lay down for me.
[mug clatters]
[Mara sighs]
There you go.
- This feels silly.
- I know it does.
Bit like you're gonna have
your head shrunk. right?
- Exactly.
[Abagail laughs]
- Well. we won't be doing
any of that tonight.
I just find lying in
repose just relaxes one.
just opens one up more than
sitting all crunched up
and restricted in a chair.
You do feel relaxed?
- Very.
- Then let's begin.
- They started a while ago.
I feel myself drifting
into the darkness.
into a void. to a dark place.
Someone's there. watching me.
I only catch glimpses of him.
but I'm engulfed
by his darkness.
Can feel him all
around me. on me.
- In you?
- Abagail.
- No. not in me.
It's terrifying and
I can't get away.
I can feel his hot breath on me.
And...
- And what happens next. Mara?
- And then-
[demon growls]
[Mara gasps]
- [Raziel] You okay?
- Yeah. [clears throat]
It ends about the
same each night.
but a little bit more intense.
[Mara sighs]
- And when you wake. do you
have feelings of lethargy?
- I'm completely
drained. all day.
It's like the dream
is sucking my energy.
- In fact. it is.
- What do you mean?
- Well. when you're dreaming.
like truly. deeply dreaming.
the dream state is just as
real as our waking reality.
If you have an
exhausting. active dream.
we often wake up exhausted.
The mind doesn't disconnect
between the dream state
and our waking life.
because the dream state is
just as real as the
rest of our day.
- Reminds me of that
old playground talk.
when you die in your sleep.
you die in real life.
- It's not always a wives' tale.
Again. the the two
worlds don't disconnect.
The dream is so
real that the body
doesn't realize that it's-
- Just a dream.
- And that. my dear. you
are correct. [chuckles]
- So you know what
my dreams mean. then?
- I believe I know
what you must do.
- Which is?
- See it through to the end.
- I don't think I can do that.
- Oh. but you must.
The only way you will stop
these dreams is
to see it through.
- I don't know.
- Look. I'm gonna be here
to guide you through.
along with Raziel.
Raziel. you game?
- You'll be okay.
- She'll be perfectly fine.
- So you're talking about
me falling asleep now?
I wasn't expecting
to do this tonight.
This is just all a bit too much.
- We'll be here to guide
you every step of the way.
- I feel like I don't have
a choice in the matter.
- Nonsense. [laughs]
- I'm game. [chuckles]
- Good girl.
[Mara chuckles]
- Up you get.
Raziel. be a dear and
brew some more tea for us.
Now. go get ready for bed.
just as you always do.
You must have the same routine
to not disturb what
we're doing here.
Off you go.
- [Mara] Ready.
[Mara sighs]
[Abagail clears throat]
- Think you should wait outside.
- [Raziel] Of course.
- So. my dear. make
yourself comfortable.
- You've done this sort
of thing before. I trust?
- Countless.
Just relax.
Close your eyes and focus
only on my voice. my words.
Let me guide you
into the dream state.
Listen to my voice. my words.
Don't fight it. Just relax.
[Abagail speaking
in foreign language]
[Abagail shouting
[Abagail speaking
in foreign language]
- Is she away yet?
- She's away.
[Abagail laughing]
[wind blowing]
[dramatic music]
[Mara screams]
[thunder crackling]
[thunder rumbling]
[spirits whispering]
[singers singing in
foreign language]
[wind whistling]
[wind continues whistling]
[gentle music]
[gentle music continues]
[thunder crackling]
- Mara.
[thunder rumbling]
[thunder crackling]
[demon laughing]
[Mara yelps]
Do not fear me.
I only wish to talk.
- I have to get back.
- But you've only just arrived.
Stay.
- I can't.
- You must.
And you will.
First. let's dress
you for the occasion.
[Mara gasps]
Do you approve?
- It's beautiful.
- Tailored for you
and your beauty.
Mara.
Sit. relax. get comfortable.
You must be hungry.
Your journey must have
worked up quite the appetite.
Whatever you desire is yours.
- No thank you.
- Is this sustenance
not to your liking?
- It's all so lovely to see.
- But not to eat.
[teeth snapping]
Libations. perhaps?
[wine pouring]
Thirsty?
Something else?
Anything to make your
time here enjoyable.
Most enjoyable.
- I'm good.
- Suit yourself.
I've been waiting for you.
Lifetimes. it would seem.
- I've been drawn to
here by someone. You.
- And finally. you
heeded my call.
- I had to. even though I
don't understand any of this.
I can't seem to think
of anything else.
I'm frightened yet
compelled to know more.
- There's nothing to
be frightened of here.
Savor all I have to offer.
[gentle music]
- I think she's waking up.
- It's too soon!
- There is no haste.
Time stands still here.
Soon. we'll be as one.
- As one?
- When we feast.
[demon snarls]
[Mara screams]
[gentle music]
- There. there. my dear.
We're here for you.
- Are you okay?
[Mara sighs]
- I'm okay.
I'm not sure what
happened. though.
- You were in a
deep dream state.
- Huh?
- Tell me. what did you see?
- I went further
than ever before.
I saw someone.
He was waiting for me.
- This is a big step.
And we'll go even
further next time.
- Next time?
- You take some rest. We'll
continue this tomorrow night.
- I can stay the night
if you need anything.
- I'll be fine.
- I think it's best we just
leave her alone to rest.
Come on. Raziel. Take me home.
- Thank you for helping me.
- No thanks necessary.
my dear. It's what I do.
Now you rest. We'll
see ourselves out.
[Mara sighs]
[door clacks]
[door thuds]
- He likes her.
He wants her.
- Ooh.
Good.
[door thuds]
[door rumbles]
[birds chirping]
[gentle music]
[coffee pouring]
- Last night was awesome.
- It was anything but.
Why can't I have dreams
like normal people?
I mean. I could handle
being naked in a crowd.
- Abagail said you
made great strides.
- Yeah. I went further.
but it's even more confusing
and terrifying than before.
- Then it's working.
You need to see it all the
way through to the very end.
- You wouldn't be saying that
if you were experiencing-
- Look. I understand.
but if you're-
- You're starting
to sound like her.
How do you know her?
- Who? Abagail?
- Yeah.
- I've known her
for a long time.
From the cafe. Like how we met.
- Right. and that
qualifies her to...
- Listen. I think
she's an amazing woman.
She helped me through
my nightmares. Now
she's helping you.
As a favor to me.
[Mara sighs]
- Right. I didn't mean to-
- I know.
- There's something
else I didn't tell you.
- From last night?
- You. you changed.
So did Abagail.
You had these awful
faces looking down at me.
- I mean. yeah. you
could do so much better.
but you could also
do so much worse.
- No. I'm serious.
- You sure your dream
just wasn't incorporating
the events and
people of your day?
- I suppose you could be right.
- Of course I'm right.
And Abagail would
say the same thing.
- I'm sure she would.
- [Coworker] Hey. Raz!
Come help in the back!
- Gotta get going.
See you tonight?
- Eight sharp.
[gentle music]
- You think she'll
break through tonight?
- She has to.
- Are we starting now?
- [Abagail] Of course. my dear.
- I'll be outside.
- Stay.
- If she wishes.
Okay. my dear. lay down.
[Mara sighing]
Just relax.
[Mara sighs]
[gentle music]
And just focus only
on my voice. my words.
Close your eyes.
Let me guide you into
your dream state.
Listen only to my
voice. my words.
[Abagail speaking
in foreign language]
- Don't worry. you won't have
to do this again after tonight.
- [Abagail] What are
you saying to her?
- Nothing.
- Well. just careful
not to poison her dream.
[Abagail speaking
in foreign language]
[Abagail shouting
She is yours. my master!
[Abagail laughs]
[Raziel groaning]
[wind blowing]
[wind whistling]
[Raziel groaning]
- She's there.
[Abagail exhales]
[electricity buzzing]
- You came back.
- I had to.
- So you understand
you had no choice.
- [Mara] Didn't I?
- It's your fate. Unavoidable.
- So there's no
turning back now?
- Useless.
- Then let's enjoy
our time together.
- Sit.
- There's something
different about you.
- Is something not
to your liking?
- There's a sense of
urgency in your voice
that I don't
remember from before.
- Urgency?
Perhaps I feel our time
together is culminating.
- I thought time
here stood still?
- Or my patience grows
thin from your insolence!
- Is he feasting now?
- No. no. Something's wrong.
She's fighting him.
- Do we kill her now?
- Oh. no. no. no. no.
The master is merely anxious.
Let him enjoy himself.
[Abagail laughing]
- My apologies
for upsetting you.
I only thought we had
nothing but time here.
- It's I who should apologize.
My anticipation
for what is to come
has tempered of the night.
- And what is to come?
- A union. one that will
answer your questions
and satiate my longing appetite.
- [Mara] So that's
what this is about?
- About?
- Our union. You seek a
bride. a suitable mate.
- My dear girl. I
do not seek a mate.
- Well. what do you seek?
- Consumption!
[Mara screams]
[demon growls]
[eerie music]
- It should be time.
You know what needs to be
done. Go and fetch the blade.
- Wait. what needs to be done?
[body thuds]
- Whoa.
There. there.
- Wait. what needs to be done?
What's going on?
- Shh. shh. it's okay.
It's over now.
- Oh. I can assure you
it's far from over.
You should be in bed. my dear.
You're not seeing this
through to the end.
- Wait. no. get off of me!
- You're wasting his time!
- Whose time am I wasting?
- Raziel. take her
back to the bed.
- No. what is going on?
- It's fine. Mara. you need
to get back to the bed.
- Yes. listen to
Raziel. my dear.
You must continue your dream.
- You seem to be
far more invested
in my dreams than you should be.
- Because I want to
help you. my dear.
help guide you through
the dream state
so you can see this through.
And I can only do that if
you just fucking fall asleep!
- Get off of me!
- You should have
given her more.
- I'm sorry. I thought I did.
- Wait? More what?
- A simple drug. my
dear. to slow you down.
help you along the way.
The time is nigh. Reality and
the dream state are blending.
That's why it's so important
for you to drink your tea.
Raziel. why don't you
make us all some tea?
And be a doll. Raziel.
make it how I like it.
- [Raziel] I've been
waiting for this all day.
- You're enjoying
this way too much.
You?
- I'm sorry.
- Apologies at this point
in time are so preposterous.
He can't help but
take a liking to you.
But in the end. he's
only doing the bidding
of his mother and father.
- Bring her to me.
[Raziel groaning]
- He grows impatient!
- Raz?
[Raziel groaning]
- He wants you!
- Bring her to me.
[Raziel groaning]
[bones cracking]
- Oh. enough of this!
Show this harlot
what you really are!
[Raziel groaning]
[bones cracking]
- Bring her to me!
[glass breaks]
[hand slaps]
[body thuds]
[Abagail laughing]
- Wakey-wakey. pretty. pretty.
[bed rustling]
You should be resting.
- How can I rest
after all of this?
- Aww. Perhaps you
need a bedtime story.
[Mara sighs]
Hmm?
Once upon a time.
there was a woman
who wanted nothing more
than her own child.
Of course. by some
cruel twist of fate.
she couldn't conceive. no
matter how hard she tried.
Prayed. begged. nothing.
Was all she could dream about.
And then one day. her
dream was answered.
- Your dream.
- My master heard my cries
through the darkness
of the dream state.
He took pity on
my wretched soul.
He answered my prayers. He
made my dream come true.
He gave me his seed.
a son for me. and his
vessel to the world.
Oh. I know. to some.
he's a monstrosity.
but to a loving mother. he's
nothing short of a miracle.
- It's ready. Mother.
- Oh. my dear boy.
taking care of all
his mother's needs.
All of them.
- And doing this to me
is part of your needs?
- It's the price
I pay for my boy.
Feed my master.
He sees through Raziel. He
picks his meals through him.
His women. prettier the better.
Oh. the whores. all
alike. [chuckles]
It is my pleasure and
honor to serve them to him.
- You bring the lambs
to the slaughter?
- Oh. I know. I know.
I was hard on you.
I said things I shouldn't have.
But I have to admit.
I am going to delight
in the thought of you
being torn limb from limb
and your flesh sucked
from your bones.
[Abagail slurps]
[Abagail laughs]
- Just shut up and
finish it already!
- Oh. all right!
Oh. let's use this.
Pry the little cunt's
mouth open. [laughs]
[Mara grunts]
[Abagail laughing]
[Mara shrieks]
Listen to my voice.
my words! [laughs]
[glass breaks]
[Mara screaming]
Sweet dreams.
Oh. won't be long now.
Get the blade and
get ready. [laughs]
[wind blowing]
[electricity buzzing]
- Mara!
The only thing to smite the pain
of you leaving is the
sight of you returning.
- There will be no more exits.
I'm here to see this through.
- So you have
accepted your faith.
- I couldn't stay away.
I have my own urges
to satisfy now.
- I have craved you
more than anyone.
- Then you shall have me.
- He's taking her.
- I will grant you this.
your final pleasure.
- We will be rewarded.
- Oh. you are the only reward
I've ever wanted.
my beautiful boy.
[Abagail moans]
[kiss smacks]
Oh.
Oh. finally. it's all
for you. my master!
Oh. gut the whore
and feed. my love.
[kisses smacking]
[dramatic music]
He's enjoying her too much.
Time for the blade.
Take your position.
[Abagail chuckles]
[body thuds]
[dramatic music]
[demon snarling]
- Skin so soft.
- Oh. silly boy.
[Abagail chuckles]
[demon snarling]
[dress ripping]
[singers singing in
foreign language]
[demon snarling]
It's almost time.
[Abagail speaking
in foreign language]
[Abagail shouting
[Abagail laughs]
- It's an honor
to die by my hand.
- Now. boy. give
her to your master!
[knife clanks]
[demon growls]
[Mara laughing]
Do it! What's wrong with you?
- I can't!
[Abagail grunting]
- What sorcery is this?
- You don't recognize my kind.
I thought you were onto me
when you said I wasn't
like the others.
I'm certainly not.
- I sense it now.
- Indeed. A demon eater.
- I thought you kind
had long been extinct.
- Well. you thought wrong.
as one stands before you now.
[Abagail grunting]
I search all over for your kind.
traversing through
the dream state.
looking for clues.
finding familiars.
leaving breadcrumbs of my
own. baiting my own traps.
I knew when I met
your vessel Raziel
that he was protecting
something dark. ancient. you.
but I wasn't expecting your
crone of a servant. though.
She made things much more
complicated than needed.
- Enough of this taunting.
- You're not the only one who
likes to play with their food.
- End this.
- You're in no position to
make any kind of demands.
Now you can join the eons
worth of your victims.
devoured like scraps of meat.
You can die with that honor.
[blood squelching]
[demon screaming]
[Abagail grunting]
[knife clanks]
[demon screaming]
[blood squelching]
- So be it.
[heart squelching]
[thunder crackling]
[Mara laughing]
- No! I don't understand!
Oh my sweet boy...
Oh. Mother will save you.
The bitch will pay for this.
[dramatic music]
[Abagail groaning]
No. No. this can't be!
- But it is. Your
master is no more.
I should thank you for
bringing us together.
He was most delicious.
- What have you done. you bitch?
- Merely what I have
done for centuries.
- Raziel? Raziel.
Speak to me. Raziel.
answer me. I command you!
- Silence. hag! You have
no power over him anymore.
He serves a new master now.
- No. No. no. no. no!
Let my boy go! Release him!
- You sure you
want me to do that?
- You will do it.
Whatever you are. I will make
sure your soul pays for this!
- Foolish old woman.
You should stop concerning
yourself with what I am.
and start thinking
about what I've done.
think about what this
little. unassuming whore
did to your all powerful master.
And if I can do that to him.
just imagine what I
have in store for you.
Thinking?
Better yet. why don't
we find out together?
Raziel.
Bring her to me.
- No!
No. no! No!
[Abagail screaming]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music continues]
[singers singing in
foreign language]
[singers continue singing
in foreign language]
[upbeat music]
[upbeat music continues]
[logo thuds]